fix: Polymorphic component typing (#1140)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/react/documentation/coding-conventions.md

Use [Visually Hidden](https://amsterdam.github.io/design-system/?path=/docs/react_containers-visually-hidden--docs) or the `ams-visually-hidden` utility class to hide content from sighted users but keep it accessible to non-visual user agents, such as screen readers.

Do not use `aria-label`. Tools for automatic translation often [do not translate its value](https://adrianroselli.com/2019/11/aria-label-does-not-translate.html), and it may get overlooked when doing manual translation.

## Polymorphic components

> Some of our components are polymorphic, which means that they can render different HTML-tags.
> Spotlight for example.
> We've decided to only use polymorphism for HTML-tags than only support global attributes (`div`, `section`, `footer` etc.).
> The reason for this is that other HTML-tags require more complicated typing, and often it’s simpler to just separate the components.
> To make React refs work with polymorphic components, we type the refs as `any`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of our components can render different HTML tags; they are polymorphic.
Spotlight and Grid Cell are examples.
We’ve decided to use polymorphism only for HTML tags that support global attributes (e.g., `div`, `section`, `footer`, etc.).
This is because other HTML tags require more complicated typing, and it is often simpler to separate the components.
We type the refs as `any` to make React refs work with polymorphic components.
```
